{Now.
OK. So continuing with our
study, this next item is a
graphic novel. So just to remind
you, describe what you see and
what is happening as you go
through the story and in between
10 and 15 minutes, this one has
around 11 pages.}
#START_flowerman so, um, two
page spread on the left, there's
a walkway with the bridge, and
there's some lampposts on the
the walkway. On the bridge part
of it, there's a man wearing a
green jacket and the hat, and it
looks like he has a little
animal next to him and he's
crossing the bridge.
And the other side there is
looks like like a little town.
There's a store that says gas.
There's a Ferris wheel, like a
tent, like a circus tent. Next
to the Ferris wheel there's a
couple buildings, one that says
bar, there's an old truck
building that says bait shop.
And then there's some stairs
going up to some the 2nd floor
around the other buildings. And
then there's one other man who
was walking on the sidewalk on
that side of the street.
Uh, so under the bridge is like
it looks like it dried up river
and then dried it up river.
There's like a a rowboat
sticking out. There's an old car
on the edge of the hill there,
and looks like there's an anchor
as well at the bottom.
And then there's like a beat up
wooden dock, but it's kind of
falling apart and falling down.
OK, so now you see the guy is
walking on the sidewalk in the
town. Now he has looks like it's
actually blue. He has an orange
scarf and he's cold in a yellow
bag and a blue umbrella and he's
walking down the sidewalk. It's
all Gray and white. The
building. So it looks like
there's some old stone
buildings. One next to them has
a couple stairs, trash can and
look like there's two people who
have kind of in an alleyway, man
and a woman.
Umm, and then over behind them,
on the other side of this, the
street, there's a couple
buildings, windows. Looks like
there's some writing on the one
windows, but everything looks
like it's closed.
I turn a little bit to the left
of where he is Um, down the next
street and there's a little kid
walking on the sidewalk.
Somebody's on a motorcycle on
the street. One of the buildings
says CAFE, and it looks like
there are some people up on the
second and third story of that
building. And then down below,
underneath the cafe sign,
there's a street light and
there's a man standing, leaning
on the building. There's also a
car with a a man driving the car
next to him.
And then in the center there is
like a little statue and looks
like somebody on a horse the
statue in the center.
And then in the foreground and
the bottom right of the picture,
there is like a second story, a
little patio with somebody
standing on the patio and looks
like there's a little cat next
to her.
So now he is walking up to the
house. It looks like it says for
sale, but it looks a little beat
up. And there's a a street light
above him and there's looks like
he has a little dog next to him.
And then around the corner from
him there's a couple people
standing on the sidewalk kind of
looking over, and that building
has a door with a clock right
above it. And upstairs there's
people in the second and third
floor of those windows. At the
top of that building, there's a
little telescope. Nobody's up
there, though.
Um, and then the bottom left of
that building just looks like
there's somebody sitting on a
chair on the sidewalk.
And then right next to his, the
house that he's looking at has
the for sale sign. There's a
tree and there's a couple
buildings behind that and you
can see the windows are open on
the second and third stories and
there's people inside. So next
to the house and the beat up
little for sale house, there's a
brick building, 2 stories and
looks like the windows are open
or at least you can see, and
that there's people upstairs as
well as downstairs.
And then keep going to the next
building. Then there's a woman
walking into that building up
the stairs. And then the second
story. Also the doors, the
windows are open so you can see
the click. There's a guy
painting.
And then on the street, right
where there's a little like a
fountain circle, there's
somebody sitting on the edge of
that and looks like also a kid
leaning on the edge of that. And
then another building on the
other side of the street,
there's a couple people, two
guys standing, leaning up
against underneath like a
striped awning. And then there
is a couple more people on the
street, looks like there's a
child. And then for all the
buildings looks like the second
and third story windows. You can
see there's people inside and
different ages and different
activities.
OK, so now it's essentially the
same picture, except that
there's a lot more people about
and his little for sale house
actually has color now.
Everything else is Gray and
white still. So his house is
white, purple roof, just like
like a little one story with
like a like an added kind of
space. There's blue shutters,
looks like he's fixing up the
house. The grass is green now.
There's a little lawn mower in
the front, and there's a brown
picket fence. There's a little
girl leaning over the fence
looking.
In the street, there's somebody
on a scooter with a helmet.
There's somebody in a
wheelchair, looks like what
their leg is in a cast, and
there's a couple. There's a
woman, she looks like she's
wearing some fancy clothes and
fancy scarf, and a little girl
next to her. There's a guy in
suspenders, another guy looks
like in the suit with a
briefcase. There's still the
person sitting on the chair on
the left next to that building,
and there's a little girl
outside the building as well.
The tree next to his little
house is also in colorful now as
well.
I'm on the other side of the
picture, so on the other side of
his house.
There looks like there's
somebody walking up stairs.
Like a milkman, because he's in
all white, looks like he's
carrying something. And then
there's a couple other girls,
like on the sidewalk, they're
talking. Some kids in the street
are playing with the ball and
there's looks like some
musicians sitting on the edge of
the one building, like on the
stairs.
And there's some more people on
the street on the other side,
and there all the windows again
are open on the second and third
floor. You can see people in
some of the windows, but not
necessarily in all of them.
OK, so same picture.
Our house is colorful. There's
more flowers now. The grass is
still green. His little house is
still purple and white and blue
shutters. And then there's lots
of flowers like in the window
boxes and the chimneys colorful.
And the tree next to it's all
colorful. Everything else is
still black and white.
Um, he looks like he might be a
little bit older. He looks like
he's gray, but I'm not sure. And
then next to him there's a
lamppost with somebody leaning
up against it, and there's some
kids in the street talking.
There's people in the back left
now, the kids in the back left
part of the street now playing
ball. And then on the right side
of his house there's somebody on
their scooter. There's a girl
who now is also in color. She
has red hair, yellow shirt and
blue skirt, but everything else
around her still black and
white.
There's people going upstairs to
that building and there's people
in the windows next to that.
Looks like there's like the
milkman again at the next house.
The guy who was painting on the
second story is now kind of
hanging up there, the window
edge with his palette.
And then there's a truck in the
street, and there's a guy with a
cart in the street as well.
So now more. Most of the
pictures coming in the color
now. So the guy still in front
of his house and there's a woman
next to him with red hair and a
green jacket and blue skirt.
There's somebody else next to
him also in color, red hair,
purple pants. And there's a
couple kids on the street. In
front of them are also looks
like there's a little girl
playing with the dog.
And then there's a boy who's
also talking to the guy with the
with the house. And then next to
the House there's that lamppost
and there's a guy and it's like
a dress shirt and red tie
sitting next to it in the
background. Looks like there
might be a clown. Maybe it looks
like he's wearing white and then
has like a Red Nose and mouth.
And that's to the left of his
house. And then on the across
the street from his house, that
building is now in color gray
red shutters. There's people
upstairs. The roof is kind of
colorful and there's a little
girl in front.
Hugging some an older man. And
then there's like posters on the
side of the building. There's a
red fire hydrant there as well.
And then some of the windows on
the second and third stories,
some of the buildings are now in
color. You can see people inside
little bit easier. So the right
of his house there's that
building is half in color, half
and not color on the top story.
I mean the second story there is
a man looks like might be taking
a bath and then there's a red
brick, purple shutters or I mean
on purple striped awning. And
then underneath there's a movers
and shakers truck, looks like
there's people moving boxes in
boxes into the truck.
And then there's a little kid
playing at that fountain on the
bottom right now he's in color,
and then the artist is in color
above, and that's next house
over. And then the house beside
that you can also see there's a
truck coming around the corners
and color. And then there's some
trees, there's the houses
itself, a little bit more color,
some of the people on the street
also.
OK, so now all of the pictures
in color.
So the the guy in his house now
has a little BBQ outside and a
couple. There's like a dog in
this in his yard as well.
There's another lady and some
kids in his yard. There's the
person in the wheelchair with
the cast on the street. There's
a couple kids with the ball and
a dog in the street as well.
Looks like the milkman's now
dancing with the girl on the
left. And then you can actually
see there's a milk truck behind
him with the cow on it. There's
a musician playing and leaning
against the building.
Next to that truck.
And then all the windows
upstairs and everything are all
colorful. And you can see in the
buildings behind the his little
Purple house, Purple White House
is the trees, a nice and
colorful and there's people
upstairs you can see as well. So
the brick house next to him on
the right is also now color. And
there's people and there's some
kids on the stairs are talking.
There's a guy in the front stoop
and there's somebody outside
that house with some paintings
outside. And then there's a
little red car next to the boy
still at the fountain, and
there's people.
In the car. And there's also
people behind him on the street
now. You see the clown balloons
on the bottom right part of the
screen now.
OK, so it looks like it's the
same picture. Um.
So now there's there's houses
you can see in the guy's house a
little bit easier you see at the
table and it's a little chair as
well. He has a tiny sign in the
front yard and I think it says
for sale.
And there's a little dog in
front of his house and he's not
in his front yard anymore.
There's the milk truck is still
the same place it was before,
actually. You can see in front
of the milk truck, there's the
guy who originally moved into
that house or bought that house.
Now he's walking away and he has
a bag and he has his jacket on,
his red blue hat on. There's a
woman at the next little
fountain area next to him, and
she's in the pink dress and
she's talking to a man. And then
in the street you'll see there's
a couple kids and there's a
cart, flowers in the street.
kids are playing, the guy who's
in the wheelchair with the cast
is all still in the middle of
the street there, and there's a
kid riding a dog and there's
some people waving to each
other.
Like one woman and a brick house
to the right of his house. The
the woman's coming out, looks
like she has maybe like a candle
or something in her hand.
And then the house next to
there, there's a guy in a white
shirt and a tie and he's looks
like he's holding a kid or
holding something in his arms.
And and then in the street
there's a woman and a daughter
and she's holding a baby.
There's an older couple on the
street and then there's some
musician in the street as well,
and there's some people dancing.
So then it goes back to him
walking, the man walking away in
the same street that he came in
originally, he's it's like a
cross intersection and he has a
blue hat, green jacket. He's
walking away. There's a lamppost
on, looks like it's evening now.
And then there's a guy on the
street behind him. And then
around the corner of that street
there's a man on a motorcycle
and there's some people talking.
There's a man, catty corner from
him. There's a building that
said Cafe, and you see people
upstairs in the windows and
there's a man leaning against
that.
In that building and then the
bottom right of the picture, you
can see the second story patio
of the one house, and there's a
couple and a child sitting
outside and they're flowers and
everything's nice and colorful.
And yeah, that's about it. Most
of the houses are all colorful
now and then. You see the man's
now at a different part of the
like a cross intersection.
There's like a little circle
fountain on the left where
there's a guy leaning and
there's a dog. There's one of
the cars in the street and most
of the pictures black and white,
and the guy is in color and he
looks like he's holding
something in his hand and he's
up in front of another house
that says for sale what he says
for sale sign with an arrow to
the left. He has his bag with
them and looks like there's a
little dog.
Also in color at that stoop of
that house. And there's people
looking outside the windows of
the second and first, second and
third stories of the houses
around him.
#END_flowerman And then there's
like a stoop, and you can see
the the half of the man's body
as he's walking by, and he has a
dog with him. And there's a
little girl behind him who has a
flower. She's also in color now,
looks like she has a little
mouse on her shoulder. And then
there's a man in the window
behind her. We're holding a red
flower. And he's also in color
now, too.
{He said that was the story.
That was about 15 minutes. It
was good.}
{So then moving on to something
different, it's a one page
complex scene.}
{So please take between three
and five minutes to describe it,
OK?}
#START_deep_sea_divers Uh, so it
looks like this picture is about
deep sea divers. It's like a
cross section of water. So you
can see on the top there is a
bunch of boats and there's
stripe boats, red and white,
blue and white, green and white.
And there's different people
numbers of people on the boats,
most of them are fishing and and
then you also see one of the
boat kind of seems to be
capsizing or going under on the
on the right side and there's
some people in the water around
it. There's a little mountain
rock sticking out of the out of
the water on the top right when
there's some people who are
standing there and.
fishing off that rock and and
then a little bit to the left of
that, there's another pile of
rocks coming up out of the water
and there's a bunch of mermaids
on top of that one and there's
one guy who is sitting there as
well.
And then to the left of that, a
little bit further in the
background, you see another pile
of rocks and there's a bunch of
fish that are jumping over it
and the nice little arch. And
then you see some dolphins
coming out of the water. And
then there's another pile of
rocks where there's some people
who are fishing. And the one
that looks like the fishing rod
at the bottom, they picked up
another person instead of a
fish. So there's a person
hanging in the air.
And then, so if you go into the
water itself on the left, you'll
see there's somebody who's
dropping an anchor into the
water. There's people who have
like like little scuba gears
with you can see the bubbles
coming up around them. There's
people, there's like a little a
net handheld net in the water
and there's actually a fish
holding a handheld net scooping
about the scoop up person in one
of the picture part of the
pictures further down, you can
see there's like a swordfish and
then there's coral at the bottom
of the water at the bottom.
With the sand and there's people
dancing down there.
Some of them have the one has a
very long looks, like a very
long pole, or going up into the
up into the surface of the
water, there's some coral. One
actually looks like a hand. The
one piece of coral there's
towards the bottom center,
there's green octopus over a
rock and there's a bunch of
people in front of it.
There is somebody who is tied to
another long rope and there's a
tied around his chest and he's
in a piece of pink coral. And
then to the right of that
there's a big rock and it looks
like it's rock, but there's a
face on it on the right side of
it and we have some teeth as
well.
On the bottom right corner there
is a little chest. It looks like
there's some people opening the
chest and there's a little red
creature coming out of it.
There is a school of fish that's
shaped like a redfish and
there's some blue fish in the
middle of it. There's some fish
that are also.
Shaped into like 3 arrows
pointing to the right. And
there's people in front of those
arrows with fishing Nets and
there's some turtles around them
as well. There's a circle in the
middle of the water area that's
a that's another school of fish.
It's like a red circle with blue
eyes and like, you know, it
looks like blue eyes and a
yellow nose and green mouth.
#END_deep_sea_divers And see,
there's some other little like
jellyfish right above that.
There's a bunch of blue fish
around the one person there's
swimming away from him.
{And.
No, that's about it.
Yeah, that was about 3 minutes
could.}
{I'm going to this construction
going on. I'm going to move a
little, OK?}
{Excuse me?
So moving on to the next one.
So this one again is a complex
scene.}
{And you can start when you're
ready.} #START_airport So it
looks like they're at an
airport, like on the tarmac. You
can see parts of the building on
the left of the air traffic
control towards the top left,
and then you'll see part of the
building. It's almost like you
can kind of see inside the
building on the bottom part of
the screen. So you can see
people going up to a counter,
somebody's opening their coat,
and it looks like the security
people. And he has all kinds of
knives on his coat and on his
shirt. There's like a baggage
claim area that's circular.
In the bottom left, people are
grabbing their bags and there's
a little boy in the baggage
claim and then there's people
walking through the airport and
more towards the right. You'll
see that there's people on their
checking their bags, but they
have some bags that are going up
against to the people who are at
the counter and there's a
conveyor belt behind them at the
counter.
So and then the rest of the
screen is like the outdoor part
of it, and it's like a tarmac
and there's a bunch of boxes and
cargo boxes towards the bottom
right, and there's a guy with
like a forklift and it actually
has a fork on the lift.
And then there's some carts with
the baggage, um on those, like
the baggage carts that go to the
back and forth of the planes.
There's some flight attendants
who are getting off on the
planes and there's some people
who are getting off the plane
and going to the left, going
towards the building. There's
some refueling trucks and might
probably behind that plane. And
there's some more of those
little cargo carts with the.
Luggage and the baggage and
there's a line of people on the
left who are going towards a
little bus.
Um, and then there's looks like
there's some people.
Maybe throwing something on each
other. There's some in some of
the uniforms there for people.
And then in the background
there's another plane. Looks
like there's a couple elephants
that are boarding that plane.
That one's red and white. And
then on to the right of that
you'll see a couple different
country flags and there's a
helicopter.
And there's a hot air balloon
beside that, and then there's
some smaller planes and moving
more towards like the foreground
of the picture. And then there
is one, it's like looks like an
older plane and it has an Ace of
spades sticking out of the
cockpit. And then there's also
looks like a fire truck because
there's there have like a hose
of water towards the top and
they're spraying a couple people
with that.
Um, and then down by where those
cargo boxes were. Towards the
bottom. There's a couple of
people who are sitting in there
like lounging, reading the paper
and smoking.
And then?
#END_airport Yeah. And then at
that plane towards the center
where the people were getting
off and like filing in towards
the left of the building, you
can see there's baggage coming
off the plane and there's people
who are throwing the baggage to
each other and then on to the
cart.
{OK.
We can go on to the next one.}
#START_campsite OK, so here it
looks like there's almost like a
a fairground or a campground. So
there's a couple different
sections of grass and there's
some the bottom part of the
screen, there are a bunch of
different types of tents. So
there's like just like pitch
tents with just some fabric and
then there's a bunch of people
around or some people who are
looks like they're cooking or
eating in the one part. Some
other people are sitting on some
chairs with some coffee cups.
There's a couple kids around
too, um.
And looks like the one looks
like it's like a little hippie
tent because I have lots of
flowers on the the fabric itself
and there's some people sitting
outside and they have a guitar
and they're sitting around that.
And then there's a couple people
towards the right of them. It
looks like the tent fell down
and they're all standing around
it and they're trying to fix it
behind them. They have like like
a TP tent and there's some some
people with like feather head
headband, head dresses.
And then to the right of them,
it looks like there's somebody
who is very muscular and looks
like they're trying to blow up
maybe like a tent or a raft. And
then to the right of that
there's a little bit of a
sidewalk. And then right above
them like going through the
center of the picture is like a
Little River. So in the river
there's some fish, there's
people who are fishing, there's
some mermaids sticking out of
the water and there's a boat
with a bunch of muscular guys
who are wearing like a
swimsuits. They were like waving
to people was or flexing as
they're on the boat.
And then a little bit more
towards the left of the river
there's people looks like almost
like a little canoe or gondola
that are going through and they
just just passed under under
past the bridge and then to the
left of them on the river you
just see some ducks that are in
the water and and looks like
there's a like a shark fin on
the far left. So the the other
side of where the the bottom
section where the tents were,
there's a little sidewalk to the
left of them as well and you can
see a bunch of people some of
them a bunch of packing gear
they're a line of them walking.
And then to the left of them
there's some grassy sections and
the one has a couple of bulls in
it and then the one on the left
just had one bull and there's
people who are looks like
they're crawling on the ground
with their their hiking gear.
And then to the left of that,
far left of that there's a
little bit of corner of a
building and there's somebody's
in you can see through the
window.
And then across from the river,
so there's a sidewalk on the
other side of the river and
there's like I said, there's
people who are fishing before
towards the right of that side
of that sidewalk and then more
towards the left. There's people
walking towards the center of
the page on the sidewalk.
There's somebody on a bike and
there's a dog next to them. And
then for the most part there's
just other people who are
walking different directions and
different numbers of people on
that sidewalk. So above the
sidewalk looks like it's a
little like like an RV camp or a
trailer camp. So there is about.
8 or so, trailers or camps like
RV's or camped down. There's
people walking around those,
Umm, looks like the one.
Something just got flown out of
one of the windows or thrown out
one of the windows. You can see
something breaking through one
of the windows. Umm, one of the
RV's has like a little canopy or
awning that's pulled out and
there's some people standing in
front of it.
Um, there's some dogs there as
well, to the right of that.
Um.
#END_campsite Then towards the
top right of the screen, you'll
see one more bowl and there's
somebody who's barbecuing and
the gas from their barbecues
going into somebody else's
little RV or trailer. And and
then right at the very top of
the screen, there's another
sidewalk and there's some people
jogging on that sidewalk. And it
looks like there might be some
people hunting on the very top
of the screen. And there's
another bull who's chasing some
people on the field at the very
top right of the screen.
{OK, again, that was about 3
minutes, so good with that. So
this next one is the longest one
that we have. It has 44 pages,
so you don't have to go into as
much detail just because it's
really long.}
#START_wanderer OK, so this is a
2 pages and the one on the left
has six different pictures and
the top left looks like there's
a guy in a costume who has like
a horns on his head but it's
otherwise it's a black and
silver striped costume. And
there's a guy next to him with
just T-shirt striped T-shirt
pants and looks like they're
folding a massive piece of paper
to the picture to the right. The
guy and the black is now in the
center of the paper and the guy
in the striped shirt is also
helping to fold a paper.
Down towards the guy in the
center.
Um. And then on the next row of
pictures, they're still folding
the paper more towards the left.
It looks like there might be
making like a like a hat of some
sort. And then in the next
couple of pictures you see them
folding it now it almost looks
like into a little boat.
And then on the right you see a
picture of a very large boat
with a little like a round
circular part of it that goes
underneath the water.
Then you see the tiny, tiny
little like paper boat that
looks like that they made is on
the right part, right of that
screen.
And then you see the little boat
in the water in the bottom left
and there's a couple of birds in
the sky, and then the far right,
the it's a very large bird in
the top right, it's like in the
foreground.
So you see the boats on the left
and the water, and there's a
couple turtles that are getting
close to the boat and they have
like a cross, like a, like a
checkerboard kind of pattern on
their shelves. And the one looks
like it's blowing water out of
its nose towards the bottom or
air out of its nose. And then
there's a bird also covers the
boat and a couple birds in the
sky. And on the right side of
the screen you see the boats a
lot smaller now because it's
next to this really big black
with some white spots. I don't
know if it's like a creature or
if it's a rock.
And then you see that boats at
the very top now of that.
Looks like it might actually be
the top fin of like a whale or
something in the water and
underneath you. So now you see
that's just a tiny little bit of
sky towards the top of the
screen and most of its
underwater in the picture. So
you see it looks like maybe like
a while and then there's some
other large fish underneath and
some coral, some school fish as
well. So there's a lot of like
intricate detail of the coral
underneath the water.
so now it's still mostly
underwater picture you see the
tiny boat towards the top left.
And then you see a bunch of
coral, lots of different striped
fish. Um, there's some more
tightly packed fish towards the
bottom right.
And then there's a lot of fish
towards the top, and they're all
kind of like packed together in
a school. Almost looks like it's
part of the coral, but it's
they're just tightly packed
together.
So another underwater picture,
and there's a couple more fish
and two of them look like
they're kissing and there's
there's more coral and then
seahorses.
Or it looks like you kind of sea
horses and then towards on the
right side, you see now there's
a fishing pole coming out of the
boat and it's going down.
There's a fish at the end of the
line and the water and then
there's some more coral as well.
So on the left side, the boats
there and looks like there's
like lines coming from
underneath it, but there's no
fishing line that you can see.
And there's some fish that are
not poking out of the water on
the left side. And then on the
right now you see there's a
long, whether it's like a rope
or something that's coming out
of the water that's going up
onto the boat, looks like it's
coming out of the sand and it's
just kind of winding up and then
there's now a sea horse with a
little hat on the boat.
So now you see the boat in the
water and there's like a flower
or something coming out of the
water and then straight ahead
there's lots of like bushy trees
or shrubs and there's all kinds
of white Pelican type birds that
are coming out of the water.
And so now you see it's cross
section of it looks like it
might be cross section of the
water. You see some of the
flowers coming out of the water
and then towards the bottom
there's fish and coral and then
you see these big tree like
things that are coming out of
the water with the birds on it
and then the the white boat is
now on the right side of the
screen.
So now you see the white boat
looks like it's going through
this forest of all those shrubs.
There's some things on this in
the side that looks like I have
three, couple of four or five
creatures that have two eyes and
they were kind of glowing down.
They're still a little seahorse
with the hat on the boat.
And then towards the top left
there's also lots of things.
Little creatures that are almost
look like eels, that have their
eyes looking down, and there's
some birds in the trees.
OK, so now you see it's a cross
section again, apart partly
water, partly above water. And
there's the boat on the left
with the seahorse still on the
boat with looking down out of
the boat now and under the
water, you see it's like a
almost like a lobster pipe
crustacean and there's something
riding it and then there's more
fish and coral. And then towards
the right you see the sea horses
jumping out of the water and
joining a couple other seahorse
in the water.
And the boat's now moving
towards the right.
When you see cross section of
the water, the top of it, it's
mostly so most of it's the water
and then just a little top part
of it is like above the water
there's another like a well type
animal that's kind of popping
out of the water and there's
some birds on the top of his
head and looks like it almost
looks like it's like holding
like a cigar or something on the
left or something that's
sticking out of it. And then on
the right side of the screen you
see more of that type of or it's
a different type of creature,
looks like the boat is now
approaching it.
And there's something that's
like sticking out of its out of
its head and then dangling
something and it looks like a TV
or something and then under the
water you see that this little
creature has like a curly tails
and some things on its back 2
two fight top legs and then
looks like 4 bottom legs, and
the bottom legs are standing on
a bunch of like wrecked boats.
So now you see like a picture of
the horizon. There's like a
snake on that background, like
the sun looks almost looks like
a fish in itself. And then in
the air there's a bunch of
different types of birds you see
kind of like on that bottom far
right, it's it's like a moon or
almost looks like earth or
something. And up in the air and
then you see a bunch of
creatures at the bottom who are
above the water, looks like
there's a cat, there's the white
boat, and there's all kinds of
different like.
Computer type ones, there's ones
that are stripes, there's some
that look like elephants that
are coming up and that's like a
Jaguar looking one as well.
now it looks like it's at night.
You can see them Crescent Moon
like on the far right at the top
of the picture, cross section of
the water. There's just some
creatures and that little eyes
you can see underneath under the
water, the white boats. Just on
the left part of the screen
there's a bunch of stars in the
sky.
So now there's a boat, and it
looks like it's surrounded by a
bunch of little creatures around
it, like fish.
And then up now it's a picture
of mostly of the sky, looks like
Aurora borealis or I'm not to
the right, we're going to say
it, but the Northern Lights. So
there's like waves of different
bright lights up in the sky and
you still see some stars around
it. And there's the boat on the
water with the fish popping out
of water.
So it looks like there's a big
iceberg that is the boat little
boats going by.
And now the boat's going through
like a tunnel and you can see
some like snow covered mountains
or so behind it and there's some
maybe like ice chunks in the
water. And then on the right you
see it going through more of an
intricate tunnel cave system.
So on the left, um, you see
this, the boat is pretty small.
It's next to these really big
iceberg or Ice mountains next to
it and looks like there's
something popping out of the
water. It's like shining a light
on the boat. And then on the
right side you see looks like
something has the boat now in
its hand and it's this big
creature that came out of the
water and it has like this big
old like scuba suit type thing
on and a helmet with two eyes
that are looking and it has
these tentacles that are shining
lights.
So now you see that there's a
little bit of the boat in the
bottom left, and this is above
water. You see one of those
tentacles that are popping out
with light and it's now shining
up against looks like one or two
really big boats, really big
ships. And there's one of those
ships is blowing out steam smoke
off of its chimney stacks on the
left side of the picture. And
the one on the right looks like
it's carrying really big sacks,
presumably like fishing, like a
fishing boat.
So then you see the boat on the
bottom left now is on the
surface of the water, lots of
birds are in the sky, looks like
the birds are going down towards
the water. And then you see this
looks like an oil dock or one of
those oil rigs like in the
middle of the water with the
stacks that are going down into
the water. And it has a bunch of
some cranes and lots of
smokestacks and it looks like
maybe all the pollutions pushing
the birds down into the water.
So the little boat now is next
to this really big stack and you
see people up in the windows of
this big structure that are
looks like they're shooting
things down at the water and
they have this like crane like
claw type thing not on a chain
that's coming down. And there's
some little like a scuba person
coming out of the water and
looks like they're on this
little rocket type thing and
there's not a little like
circular life raft on the life
boat
Then there's the person in like
the scuba gears. Now it's like a
piece of rope. That's how. Held
on to that little white boat and
the waves seem to be really
rocking now. And on the right
you can see there's somebody in
that black from the beginning
with the horns and the black
costume with the stripes on
looks like he's on top of this
oddly shaped boat, nursing lots
of creatures on it with him. He
has a kite behind him.
So then there's a little white
boat and it's caught up in this
really big like tsunami type
wave. And then closer in the
foreground there's the guy in
the the black costume with the
horns and the the kite now has
holes in it. And there's people
who are like popping through it
and they still have a bunch of
creatures and stuff and it's
still on its own little boat
with the scuba guy seems to be
at the bottom boat now too.
And then you see it looks like
Lightning storm on the left and
the boat and then on the right
side you see there is like a
piece of paper that's almost
like a paper airplane going
through the air.
So now you see the boat going
through. It's like an intricate
bunch of little arches in the
water, almost look like
tentacles or snakes, and on the
right side you see a piece of
paper like that paper airplane
towards the top of them.
So this is like a closer view of
all the little arches and it
does look like it's like a
little snake struck snake
creature because you can see the
mouth and some glowing eyes on
the left and then on the right
you can see the boats going
through it and there's you can
see the the sky and the other
side of it and there's some
creatures with eyes and the one
has a Big Horn too.
So then on the left side of the
screen you see those same
creatures, one with the horns
and the glowing eyes. It's now
popped out of the water pretty
high, and it looks like it's
blowing water out of its nose
and it's onto the little white
boat.
In the background in the sky,
you see a bunch of clouds and
there's a piece of paper that
looks like in the water further
away, and there's like a
creature with a swimsuit. And
these weird fin wings on stand
to the right and they're sent
bottles and stop sticking out of
the sand.
Now it looks like you're looking
at a bunch of jellyfish, um,
from underneath. And then there
is the little white boat that's
now amongst all the jellyfish.
And on the right there's a
really large one that has a
striped top and then really long
like tentacles going down.
Then you see the white boat
swimming with school of fish and
then towards the bottom right
looks like there's a couple of
different type of shapes like
fish are urchins or something
and the white boat is now down
there.
So the bottom left you see like
light shining down to this, onto
the onto the water. It looks
like there's a little creatures
that are now like crawling onto
the boat, the boat. The boat
looks a little wrinkled up and
it's on top of what looks like
to be an eel. And on the right
you see almost like a little
submarine with a light shining
and it's like a checkerboard
pattern.
And then you see the submarine
coming out of the water and
there will the white boats on
the top of it and there's water
pouring off of it. There's a
school of fish at the bottom and
then on the right side you see
it's almost like a boat with a
propeller and there's all kinds
of tentacles attached that are
also so it's facing the
submarine.
And there's a white boat now as
far to the right.
Then you see the White Boat is
kind of being tossed up in the
air with the by a bunch of seals
through half hour of water. And
then there's seals that are
under the water playing as well
or swimming around and then you
can see more like leaf like
coral structures under the water
on the right side.
So on the top is a cross section
of the water, again, the top
left you see the boat and
underneath there's like leafy
type coral, there's some big,
really big jellyfish type
things, some striped fish. And
then on the right side of the
boat and now looks like it's
almost angle to the right leg is
going to either go down in the
water maybe. And then underneath
it is there's little scuba guy
down there and there's some
shining light coming down from
one of the the the seashells or
the creatures.
Um.
So now we're back above the
water and there's like a like
one of those floating buoy
things with the light on it, and
there's some little creatures
crawling on it, and there's some
couple birds in the sky and the
boat is still left to the right
of it and the scuba guys now
riding one of those striped
creatures above the water.
And then on the right you can
see uh, lighthouse on some
rocks. There's a person looks
like standing up next to the
lighthouse, a couple of ships in
the distance and the white boats
in the foreground.
And so now it looks like it's a
um.
It's almost like a no like a dam
or like a lettuce or lattice
structure. It's a circular
structure on the left and then
it almost creates like this wall
through the water. Um, there's
some ships on the right of it
and there's one ship on the left
with some smokestacks as well in
the background. And then there's
some more like sailboats and
like Clipper ships on the right.
And you can see the tiny little
white boat is right in front of
the circular part of that
structure that's in the water.
Um, and now you can see, uh, and
there's a really large boat that
you've kind of seen of just the
edge of and then in front of it,
there's smaller ship or smaller
boat in front of it and there's
like a little sailboat like
attached to it. And then you can
see the white boat is the little
small white paper boat is right
at the edge of the large ship,
and there's a submarine under
the water and there's a city
skyline in the background on the
right.
So then on the left, Umm,
there's this big like whale type
creature coming out and has like
a scuba gear and well, it has
like a something that's coming
off of its back and then onto
its head, almost looks like it's
pouring water on itself. And
then there's the little floating
buoy thing with the light on at
the bottom left. And then
there's some people on a small
boat in front of it. To the
right of that you see two
smaller ships and they're right
up against like a wall where
there's a bunch of people at the
edge of the wall, like on a
dock. And then behind them you
see the two really large.
Ships towards the behind them
towards the top of the picture
and then the little white boats
at the very bottom right corner
at the edge of the wall.
And then so on the left.
You see like a factory kind of
system in the background and
there's water in the very bottom
of the page and you can see like
the wall, the dock wall around
it. So in the background and the
factory part, you can see like
some chimneys with smoke and
some cranes, and they're
carrying different like things
of cargo. And then then the
water, you can see a small boat
with one man on it looks like he
has some clothes hanging on the
one line. And there's a little
white boat. It's in the center
of the page. And I mean the
bottom center. And then on the
right side you can see like a
side of a building.
And there's this checkerboard
type pattern.
I don't know if it is a boat or
creature or something as little
propellers on and the top is it
clear and you can see somebody
with a striped shirt in that top
part of it, and they have like
a.
I can't think of a word, but
like a steering wheel.
itAnd then on the left you see
the little white boat. It's
still the whole background and
you can see like a city skyline,
and they're still at the dock
edge. You can see the wall
around the water there. And then
there's like the little white
boats next to , a larger boat.
And then that bar that boat has
like a dog, it's a person on it,
and there's some birds at the
top of it and then looks like a
really big fishing net. It has
one of the underwater creatures
in it. And then on the right
side, you see the little white
boats now up right up against
the stairs to the dock.
Now it's like towards the top of
a city skyline and you can just
see a little bit of the water
kind of snaking through the city
and you see some arches around
the Water River area through the
picture, the little white boats
towards the bottom as the river
kind of sneaks through the town
and you see mostly rooftops and
there's looks like there's some
kind of creature, it's like
black and white striped and it
has these long wings with.
And treatment an intricate
propeller type on its back
{attachment on its back just a
few more pages.}
So now you see Umm they're back
at like the water edge and the
wall looks like they're under
one of the archways. So they see
a little white boat right next
to the wall there and where the
archway is and there's a bunch
of intricate creatures like
people with different patterns,
stripes, one that looks like a
scuba suit, one has like a
almost like a like a wings type
costume type thing on and the
one has like antlers like it's a
like a deer towards the top of
its head. And then there's the
guy with the black and.
Um, white costume with the horn
on his head. He's riding a horse
now and he's going down the
stairs.
And then on the right side, um,
you see just a couple other
people were at the top of the
stairs around one of the
archways and there's some more
creatures in the water and the
white boats now going like
towards.
Further away and noticed the
river going through the arches.
So then you can see it's still
going under one of the arches
and the bottom left. You see
some fish popping out. They're
glowing eyes. You see a
submarine popped out of the
water, a smaller boat docked on
the side of the bridge of the
river next to the wall, and
there's some street lights you
can see around the edges shining
down around the other buildings.
So then you see a little white
boat in the bottom left in the
water. You can see some trees
around it, and there's the wall.
Up in front of it and there's a
building right up at top of the
wall with a street light looking
down on it.
#END_wanderer And then the right
side, it says six picture um, 6
frames. In the picture in the
top, you see the one boat next
to the wall. You can start to
see a little bit of a figure
through the the top of the boat.
And then you can see, it's clear
that there's like a figure
getting off the boat now going
up the stairs and you can see
it's it's like a black and
white, mostly black with some
white design on the person. And
then towards the top you see
there's some white feet and then
you see the both the black feet
and the white feet standing next
to each other.{ OK, so that was
the.}
{Story.
Alright, so this next one again
is a complex scene.
When you're ready, OK.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Ohh, dinosaur, spaceman and
ghouls. So it looks like on the
left side of the screen there's
like a bunch of like Cavemen
kind of figures and people and
then a bunch of some Dinos,
different dinosaurs, Triceratops
and there's a couple different
colors the dinosaurs and there's
some smaller green, more lizard
like looking ones.
And then at the Bottom left of
the screen, it looks like it's
like a clothing store or like a
a maybe like a makeup counter or
something. Because there's some
people I got a counter with like
the Amir and some lights around
it. And then there's like a
couple racks of clothing and
then there's some people who are
dressed up as mummies next to
that.
And then next to that is like a
little like a stage setup and
there's like.
Some dinosaurs or some mummy
shaped mummy people and then
they're all kind of looking at
the this production type screen
and there's some big flashing
big lights like stage crew has
like lights in their hands as
well and it looks like it's like
on the on the screen that
they're standing next to, it's
like a blue dark blue sky.
There's some trees and they're
like creepy looking type trees
and then there's like a Gray
ground or mountain kind of
background and then there's like
these.
To being windows, um. And
there's actually looks like a
soft serve cone like next to it,
right in the middle of it. And
then there is some more on the
other right side of that.
There's like a video camera and
there's some more of the big
production type lights.
And then on the right side of
that, on the bottom right side
of the screen.
Looks like it's like a cafeteria
of some sort. There's pictures
of pie on the wall. Um, there's
a bunch of tables with people
sitting and eating. There's a
cafeteria line with like a
buffet counter, and there's
people behind it, and there's
people in the front getting
food. The one person on the
right looks like they dropped
their train. There's food flying
everywhere, and there's a window
that looks outside of the room
as well.
So then behind that there's like
a larger big production screen
on the top right and you can see
a bunch of like like stage crew
people at the top of it. And
there's like some long wires and
cables and there's big fights at
the top right. There's almost
like a ladder structure holding
up the very tall screen. And on
that screen it's more of like a
space, like an outer space
theme. There's a couple of
different like saucers with like
these green alien type figures
in them. Over on top of them
there's a bunch of.
Like astronaut figures, they're
dressed in orange and yellow who
are like floating around.
They're being hung by the
strings from the top of the
stage production setup and then
looks like there's like a
spaceship. That's also I think
we have some people in it as
well. You can see like a like a
directors chair when it's like
and it's up on like on the
ladder. And then there's the
grand camera in their hands.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
And then you can see a couple
other cameras on the left side
of that whole stage area as
well, and then on the far left.
And like I said, there's the
dinosaurs and there's the
caveman type people at the top
of the one part of the hills on
this like a volcano. And there's
some people who are sitting on
the different spots where
there's like lava coming out,
then you can see them like
bouncing up in the air.
{Alright, good. That was about
four minutes. So going forward
to the next complex scene.}
#START_exhibit-12 OK, so this
one looks like it's a couple
different levels. So it looks
like there's a a ground level,
there's some stairs, there's a
second level, a bunch of people
on all three levels, and then
there's a third level on the
walls. It's red walls. There's
lots of pictures on the walls.
And then so lots of people on
the bottom on the first level of
this, like a cross section of a
building. So you can see like
the inside. So the first level
you can see there's some people
who are painting, Umm, there's a
big horse painting down at the
bottom.
There's people who are painting
or like putting.
Like a like a poster up on the
wall in the bottom left. You can
also see there's people who are
painting more of like almost
looks like a on a canvas type
thing and looks like they're
wearing like a headdress, a
feather headdress as well. There
is somebody else who's sitting
has like a pallet who's doing
almost like a caricature.
There's a couple different
people who are sitting at their
with their easels as well on
that bottom center area and then
on the bottom right.
There's somebody who's actually
had one like stood the like.
It's like a canvas, like came
out down over their head, like
around their waist, and there's
like a picture of a king also.
And then there's lots and lots
of people who are all crowded
together towards that center
middle. And there's people who
are taking photos off the wall
or putting them on the wall on
the right. There's people
climbing up a ladder to get to
them. And you see in the bottom
right there's pictures on of
people on the floor as well.
So then there's people going up
and down the stairs. There's
people carrying photos. Whether
they're going up and down, it's
hard to tell, but they're all
going in different directions.
They're holding different
pictures. And on that second
tier, there's a bunch of people
very crowded, and there's people
who are going up in the ladder
on the left side and on the left
side there painting like
question marks on the one
exhibit wall. There's people who
are hanging from the ceiling,
like with them, like almost like
a scaffolding, kind of a cart.
Bench and they are also hanging
off or painting on the wall as
well. And then there's another
ladder to the right of that
where they're also painting on
that wall. And then you see lots
of pictures on the walls.
There's a couple people in the
center who are putting one up
and then and there's another set
of stairs where you see more
people carrying photos up and
down. And then on the top tier,
there's lots of people. There's
still a lot of pictures like on
the exhibit walls, and there's
also a little ladder scaffolding
area where there's some more
people.
#END_exhibit-12 climbing on that
as well.
{Alright, so just about 3
minutes we can go ahead. That
one was the busy, the most
crowded one. I think this one is
a little better.}
#START_waldo-1 OK, uh, so here's
another one. This is like a like
a cityscape. Umm, you can or
like a like a town square and
just there's a little triangle
in the center with the fountain.
And then there's people walking
around. There's a couple
different cars and different
directions. And then in the
bottom part of the you see
almost like a little like a park
area. There's like a fairground.
There's a couple different
buildings that have striped
awnings, like maybe like it's.
Like a market, Fresh Market or
something. So the one looks like
there's plants at the 1 booth
and then there's people who have
like a bouquet of flowers. And
then the next one looks like it
might be fabric as these two
people who have a piece of like
blue and white striped fabric in
between their hands. And then to
the left of that there's another
little booth and you can see
just the roof. The awnings of
the couple other booths in the
foreground are at the edge.
There's people who are walking
their dogs in that area. There's
somebody playing a violin.
Um, there's an older couple
walking with canes and there's
there's some kids you can see.
It looks like they got wrapped
up in some of the plants at the
1 booth towards the bottom
right.
And then towards the bottom left
there's a building. You can see
somebody walking in the front
doors and you can see a couple
people on ladders up against the
building. Looks like they might
be cleaning it or something.
And then up on the ceiling in
the roof, you can see some
people with Mops who are like
fighting with the mops. And then
there's somebody sitting feeding
some pigeons up on the roof as
well. And then through the
windows you can see different
people. Some of them are seated
at a table, the one on the
ground floor is at a computer,
another one, and the 2nd floor
looks like it's carrying a plate
with something.
Umm.
And then on the far right of
that, so the right part of the
screen, there's a little side
street or side, there's a street
and sidewalk, but there's some
people on the street. There's
somebody who's coming up out of
a manhole and looks like they
startled people. Above them,
there's somebody on a bicycle.
And then next above them looks
like there's an older lady who's
on a motorcycle. And then to the
right of them is a building. And
you can see a couple people at
the sidewalk, Umm, some guys who
are in suits at the entrance.
And there's again more people at
the on the roof doing some work
and it looks like they have a
bucket and rags. And then
there's somebody who's cleaning
one of the windows, who's
hanging from the from the roof,
cleaning one of the windows and
then the next block over above
that. So then the right part of
the screen, there's a couple
buildings, they're all colorful
buildings with people walking in
and out of them. And the one
looks like it is a cafe. There's
people out on the sidewalk, on
on table or sitting at tables
and the waiters pouring, looks
like.
Some red wine or something, and
it's like splashing all over the
place.
And then on the, the roof of
those buildings, there's some
more people who are doing some
work on those buildings as well.
And there's some, they're like
blue clothing and it looks like
maybe some tool boxes and they
have a couple of dogs with them
on that roof of that building.
And then the next block over
behind, above that towards the
top of the screen, it looks like
there's like a gas station or a
garage. There's mechanics,
somebody working on one of their
cars and then there's a shoe
store next to that and then the
TV store and there's people
standing outside.
Looking at the TV through the
window and then it looks like a
fire station. You can see the
fire truck with some firemen or
firefighters around it and then
maybe like a police station to
the right of that because you
can see some people in blue
uniforms and the ones dragging
somebody next to them.
And then at the very top of the
screen, you can just see a
little bit of the buildings
behind it and there's like
another like a big box truck.
Maybe like an ambulance because
it looked over like a hospital.
You see some people in like
white coats or like a nurses
uniform and there's some
bicycles and they're tending to
people who look like they fell
off their bicycles. And you see
that the crossing guard was a
bunch of kids crossing the
street and there it looks like a
presumably a school because
there's like a building and
there's somebody with all the
children coming into it with
there's like a front yard and a
fence around it.
And then on the left side of the
screen you can see part of the
building looks like there's
another fire truck on the center
left and there's some
firefighters on the roof and you
can see hoses going through some
of the windows and across the
roof. And then to the right of
that it's like a pink building
with a red and white striped
awning maybe that hotel and
there's looks like there's a
bell hop out the door and you
can also see some people on the
roof and looks like somebody's
dog got onto the roof as well.
And then in the center of the
triangle part of the of the.
#END_waldo-1 center of the
little the square is fountain.
There's somebody with flippers
and like a snorkel mask on the
top of the fountain itself. And
then there's also like a statue
of the almost like a Spartan
statue has a bow and arrow.
{Details. That was five minutes.
Good.
OK, so almost there.
Next one.}
#START_picture_this OK, so this
one is a compilation of a ton of
pictures on picture frames, so
they're all just kind of
collaged together. Different
angles. The bottom left you can
see.
Two people with hats and then
next to them there's like a like
it almost looks like a a jokers
mask or jokers costume, but it
looks like a dog's head though,
and then love going over to
more. To the right of that
there's a couple like Knights or
guards that have like a spear
and some rocks that they're
throwing next to that couple
pictures over.
Almost like a caveman and it
sounds like a stone wheel next
to him and his picture. And then
there's like a hippopotamus like
right above it. And then there's
some other pictures of different
people and they're wearing
different costumes or like
they're half animal, half
person. Like the one picture
looks like a crocodile face but
it has like black hair and like
person's shoulders.
Couple pictures. Over to the
right is looks like somebody
who's tied up in a rope, and the
next picture looks like there's
a dragon with the person in the
in the picture with the dragon.
And then there's a couple of
pictures over, there's somebody
skiing, and then let's see.
Another towards the bottom
right, there's a picture of
somebody pushing something like
it's like looks like a kid
pushing an adult in a stroller.
And then above that there's.
Two people in red and I can't
quite tell what you're saying.
Maybe somebody climbing a
ladder, and then above that you
see somebody looks like they
have a flat tire on their
motorcycle. To the left of that
you see two people looks like
they're brushing teeth of like a
hippo or crocodile, and then you
see somebody coming up out of a
manhole to the left of that with
people above him jumping off.
Somebody leaning to the left of
that. There's a bigger picture,
a guy leaning against a a palm
tree, and there's some things
coming out of the palm tree and
hitting somebody in the head a
little bit. To the left of that
there is somebody in like in a
Knights shield like.
Coat of arms or coat of armor.
And then there's one, a couple
of different pictures and a
couple different ducks that are
swimming next to each other.
Then there's pictures closer up,
pictures of somebody's heads or
just their shoulders, head heads
up. And then there's somebody
who's playing like on a string
instrument, like a violin.
To the left of that, you see on
the far left side of the screen
there's somebody who some.
There's a guy who's laying on
the ground. There's somebody
walking on top of him and
pairing a carrying things like a
stack of clothes or something.
And then above that you see one
of the pictures there is like a
bear who's like holding
something in front of somebody's
face. And then they have the
person like on a leash. Next to
that to the right there's a
cactus that's running. Then
there's some people who are
looks like they have a sword.
Right. And they have like a
Viking, like kind of helmets on.
Hmm.
Umm, little bit to the right of
that. There's a picture of
somebody who's like hungover
some ropes like you would see
around like a boxing ring. Yeah.
And see a little bit more to the
right, you see somebody like the
person from the last picture who
was sitting on top of the
fountain. There's a picture of
somebody like in a go Kart or a
bumper car.
In the far right. There's a
picture of a dog who's on a
leash. There's a picture of a
tree who has like a a face with
his tongue sticking out.
Right above that is a picture of
a plane which has like wings
like a bird though.
To the left of that, Umm,
there's a picture of somebody
looks like they are juggling or
or slipped on the balls or
something, and then they have a
bag in their hands that looks
like it also has some other
things falling out of it.
There's a picture of a somebody
with a backpack on.
there's a picture of somebody
who looks like their head is
inside of a house and their head
lifts up the roof of the house
and using the chimney. So you
just see their eyes between the
roof and then the main part of
the house looks like there's a
picture of somebody who is was
skiing and it's like wrapped up
in a snowball to the left of
that.
And then the far left, there's
another picture of like a Red
Dragon picture of somebody who's
standing or surfing on top of
somebody else.
#END_picture_this Here's a
picture of a guy who looks like
he's in a wheelbarrow talking to
somebody else and he's being
dragged by in the wheelbarrow.
{OK, that was about 5 minutes.
That's nice.
Right.
OK, so we just have a few more
and this one is a graphic novel
that has around 5 pages.}
#START_arrival_1 So this is a
spread of nine pictures. On the
top left, you see a man, a woman
and a child in the picture. Now
somebody holding that picture.
And then you see somebody is
wrapping that picture up. And
then they wrap it up in like
some cloth or wrap paper and
then put a ribbon around it and
put a bow on it and then looks
like they're putting it away
into a trunk or a briefcase.
So then there's a spread of nine
pictures on the left. There's a
paper origami on like a paper
crane alarm clock. There's a hat
in something, a piece of cloth
hanging on the wall. There's a
pot in the cooking spoon. There
is a like a child's drawing of a
man in a hat, a woman and child
with a little bird and the son
in the background. There is a
teapot that's steaming.
And then there is a picture of
some, some papers or some mail
with a teacup, teacup on the
saucer. And then there's an open
trunk with some folded things in
it. And the closer up of the
picture of the man, the woman
and the child on the right side,
you see some of all those
figures, all those things in
different. It's a picture of a
man and a woman with a trunk on
a dining room table. But you see
all those small parts from the
left part of the picture on the
right, so you see on the top.
The the clock, the paper crane.
You see the hat and the wall,
the teapot and the teacups and
everything on the table.
And then there is a spread on
the left. There's the girl who
looks like she's waking up out
of bed. She's rubbing her eyes.
She goes, she sitting on a table
and she's eating something out
of a bowl of spoon. She looks
over to the left and she sees a
trunk or a briefcase. Then
there's a man who's putting a
hat on a woman who's putting
like a wrap around her hair, and
then looks like they're getting
the kid ready as well. Looks
like they have a coat on a child
and helping them button it up.
Some somebody's putting boots
on, and then the kid looks like
she's bundled up and she's
holding the briefcase, and then
then the end is reaching down
for something. He's out with his
jacket and his hat on, and then
you see three of them leaving,
walking down a sidewalk, and
he's holding the briefcase.
So then you see the girls
holding on to some one of the
their adults hands. She looks
up, she looking around and you
can see there now next to like a
train tracks and there's a bunch
of people and they have their
luggage. You see like
smokestacks in the background of
the picture. And then you see
the somebody puts their hand,
looks like the the dad puts the
hand on the girl's shoulder and
he pops up in his hat and
there's a little paper crane
under his hat on top of his
head.
Um, he gives that to her. So on
the right side of the screen
now, you see she's holding it.
And then he gives her a hug.
She's still holding it. She's
looking, looking over at him.
The woman. And the adult woman
is now like crying. She's like
dabbing her face with
handkerchief. She's hugging the
man. He's holding her head and
he's saying something to her.
And then looks like he's getting
on the train. He has the
briefcase with him and he holds
on to their hands and you see
their hands letting go, and then
you see the train going away.
Then it goes back to the picture
of the three of them sitting,
and then you see a little bit
further away. It's on, it's on
the end table with somebody has
a bowl of something or soup with
a spoon in it. And then you see
the guy who's the one who has
the bowl with a spoon and he has
the picture propped up on the
briefcase or something next to
him. And then you see him
through a small like little
circular window. And then you
see a little bit farther away
and you see the the bunch of
those small circular.
#END_arrival_1 Windows and looks
like it's on the side of a ship,
and then you see the ship on the
water itself.
{Alright, that was good. OK, so
this one is again a complex
scene.}
#START_birthday_party_fun So
this one looks like a big
birthday party. So in the
backyard and there's a bunch of
trees, there's a fence around
the perimeter and there's a lot
of people in the top right.
There is like one of those big
bounty things that's shaped like
a castle. There's a bunch of
people inside and there's kids
jumping up and down. These kids
are in different costumes.
There's ones of fat ones in the
Bunny costume 1 looks like maybe
in the Superman or Spiderman
costume. There's some animals
around. Whether it's people in
the costumes, there's like a.
An elephant, a zebra, giraffe
and lion Penguin. And there's
somebody chasing them with a big
net in their hand behind them.
And then behind the the Little
Castle type thing, there's you
can see there's decorations on
the trees and the along the
fence line and there's like
streamers and things hanging
from the trees. There's some
people in scarier costumes like
skeleton faces or ghost faces.
And then underneath the tree
there's somebody popping out
from one of the bushes and they
have like a horns on their head
with one of their costumes.
So then on the center of the
page you see there's some like a
more trees and bushes and
flowers. And there's people
around the the one looks like
almost like a like a little
alien or or like a box kind of
uniform. The one girl's blowing
bubbles and there's a guy on a
horse. There's somebody in Angel
costume, there's.
Looks like the one kid who
popped out of the flowers is
wearing like pink with horns,
like scared the angle person and
the angle costume. And then you
see like a little kiddie pool
and there's somebody dressed up
as a mermaid who just got water
dumped on their head. There's
somebody who's falling out of
the kiddie pool and splashing
water all over the place.
And then there's somebody with a
water gun who was spraying water
at somebody walking by the
kiddie pool. The bottom right
You see there's somebody dressed
up as like a sheep and shepherd.
And there's some people dressed
up as like witches or Wizards.
And up underneath that,
underneath the kiddie pool, and
then to the left of that, you
see people walking into the
yard, somebody holding presents.
There's balloons, somebody
wearing a bee costume. There's a
table full of presents. There's
a clown holding balloons right
above that. And then there's a
table of food towards the top
left, lots of food and plates
and snacks of sandwiches.
There's people playing tug of
war right next to that table.
And there's a pinatas in the
tree, and the far left. You see
a little lady peeking over the
fence line.
#END_birthday_party_fun And then
there's somebody carrying a cake
towards the top center who's
bringing it towards the table
food.
{OK, good. That was about 3
minutes and we will move on to
the next one. It's another part
of the graphic novel. It has 6
pages.}
#START_arrival_6 OK, so top
left, um, looks like there's a
vase on it on a dresser next to
a window and then looks like
there's a little bird type
insect creature that goes
towards it and sits on the edge
of it.
And then you see in a mirror
reflection somebody who's
writing or through the window,
you see somebody who's writing
something with like an old
style, like pen and paper and
like a Lantern next to it or
lamp. And then you see have more
up close that somebody is
writing. And they fold that
written document or something up
into like a paper crane. And
they put that paper crane into
an envelope and they put money
in with it. And then they sell
the envelope and put a stamp on
it and then you see somebody.
Uh, the guy walking like in a
suit with the little white fish
type creature next to him, and
he's walking downstairs.
With the envelope in his hand
and then he stops and talks to a
woman in the street and she's
carrying a basket and she's
pointing to a different
direction. So he goes over and
there's presumably like a a
mailbox and it's like a white
shaped square and it has like a
cone top and two sides. So wing
type sides to it. He puts his
letter in there and then you see
him looking up at the sky and
then whenever he starts walking
away to further span out picture
you see him walking and it's
like.
down hills. And there's like
trees that are actually they
look like leaves, but they're
trees. And then you see the
little mailbox now almost looks
like it has a big balloon on top
of it and it's floating up in
the air.
So then you see those trees that
look like leaves. It's the
leaves sticking out of the
ground, and then it kind of
starts splitting from the top
down, so it splits in half and
then you see it.
Start to get like the like
almost like a piece of pollen
towards the center sticking out
and that piece of pollen becomes
more of a wider circle and then
the leaf part of it kind of
falls off and falls apart. And
then you see that smaller circle
that was originally that strand
of pollen is now turning into a
big circle almost with like a
Daisy type flower in it.
And it starts to glow really
brightly and then starts to get
like small like fuzzes around
the edges. And then those small
little fuzzy pieces start to fly
off and then you has becomes
darker and then it's becoming
more like a rounded edge type
flower with white streaks in it.
And now you see little insects
or birds flying around it and
then you see those white streaks
are becoming bigger almost like
little seeds and they pop off
and they're now on the ground
and you see little creatures
around it as well.
So then now that flower is just
like a big dark Gray rounded
edge type flower. And then you
see it slowly start to like
disintegrate and then those
pieces fall to the ground and
then it becomes basically just
like a skeleton of a flower and
then it looks like it's maybe
snowing outside and then you see
the snow start to grow on the
ground and then coming up to the
level of the flower.
So then you see a big span out
of like a cityscape or a
building on the left. You see
really tall building towards the
top with lots of windows, and
there's some intricate details
on those roofs, like a arch and
some other things sticking up.
And then on the left of that
building.
There's um, you see some
chimneys and smokestacks,
different layers, and then down
on the ground you see like a
street and there's like weird
type ships that are kind of
floating around. You see some
cones that are sticking out of
the ground and then there's
another larger building towards
the right of that and they
there's cones on the top of
that. It looks like there's
almost like streets or walkways
on top of that building.
And then on the right you see
it's like a bunch of like hills.
And then right in the center
there's a big cone with like a
circle on it, some kind of a
building structure. And on the
left part of the screen there is
a lot of rounded buildings.
There's some chimney stacks,
there's more like a cylindrical
cylinder type building. And then
there's almost like pots or
vases on top of it. What it
looks like the top you can see
further in the distance like
those boats that are.
Flying in the air and this looks
like windy or like snowy windy
in the picture.
So the top left you see a vase
with some starting to see some
things popping out of it and
then you see that there's like
little babies or something and
then there's like a larger
intersector birth type thing
that's coming and bringing food
to those 3 little babies.
And then you see.
On the bottom you see the man
who's sitting on an edge of a
bed holding a picture of the the
three of them. And there's
little white fish creature
sitting next to him, shoes on
the ground. And there's a a desk
and chair and there's some books
on the desk and there's like a
Lantern lamp on the desk right
outside the window ledge is
where you see that little vase
with the insect bird type thing
that came and brought food to
the little babies in the vase,
you see closing up on a
clothesline in the room.
And then there's papers that are
taped to the wall and you see a
little bookcase on the left with
some cylinder and cone shaped
cone shaped things on there. And
then there's a larger.
Vessel to the left of him, also
on a shelf.
So on the right you see the
little white fish type animal
sitting next to him on the bed
and it gets up and it bounces
off the bed. He looks over to
see where it went. It looks like
it's going down through a hole
in the floor and there's a
ladder he follows that goes down
the ladder. He sees a little the
whitefish thing is next to a
hole in the wall, looks like
there's a letter on the floor.
So the man picks up the letter,
he opens the letter inside. He
sees there's a paper crane and
opens the crane up and there's a
letter and he starts to.
Look out the window, holding the
letter in his hand.
Then you see, uh, folded up like
a paper animal and it looks like
there's a couple of legs in the
long tail. Kind of looks like
the fish or white fish creature
animal.
And then you see there's like a
cone type oven type thing and it
has like circles inside of
different designs. And then you
see his hat and a piece of paper
or fabric hanging on the wall, a
bowl with some things in it that
looks like an artichoke. There's
a weird looking fork next to it.
And and then there's like a
children's drawing of like the
one of those boats that are up
in the air with some smoke
coming out of it. And then you
see.
I'm not quite sure what those
are, but it's like 2 little
metal devices or ones almost
like a canister.
And then you see another
picture. There's like newspaper
and a cup of tea or coffee,
little saucer on top of it. And
then you see the picture of the
three of them. And then you see
the guys hand putting some
change in a small kid's hand.
So then back at the table and it
looks like there is a woman, a
man and a child.
There's a little white fish with
the ground and looks like he is
handing something to the little
kid and you see all the some of
the things that we saw in the
last pictures. In the background
of this picture seems to be more
drawings on the wall. There's
more things on the wall than
there was before and I see a kid
putting on their boots. There's
somebody's getting something out
of the little white fish
creatures mouth looks like it's
the kids hat puts the kids hat,
she puts her hat on and you see
her walking down the stairs with
outside now with the little
white fish.
#END_arrival_6 Creature going
down next to some buildings and
then the kids start pointing
towards some white things she
sees on the ground and should
men, looks like it's glowing up
in in the air now above her
hand. {All right, so that was
the story and this is the very
last one. It's another story. It
has 20 pages.}
#START_journey OK, so looks like
you see a cross section of a
street, you see a building in
the background and then you can
see it's two-story building, you
can see into the rooms.
On the left, on the street,
there's a street pole with
lights, and there's two kids,
one or three, three or four
kids, and then the one is on a
bicycle, ones on a like a
skateboard, and two of them are
giving each other high fives.
There's like a little mailbox
next to them, and then there's a
kid who's holding like a purple
marker.
And then there's a red stop
sign, stop light, and a fire
hydrant. And then you can keep
going down the sidewalk. There's
a kid on the stoop and he has a
little red scooter in front of
them. And then in the entryway
of the house, the 1st floor, the
stairs, and pictures on the
wall, lamp and table placed on
the floor coat rack. And then to
the right of that, there's a
woman in the kitchen, looks like
there's a pot on the stove. And
then up the 2nd floor you see a
man at a desk that's like a
computer in front of them
sitting on a chair. Bookcases.
Behind them, and then the next
room to his right. Now you see a
a girl or a boy sitting on a
couch.
laying on a couch and there's an
end table next to them.
And then left there's like a
three stage picture. At the top
you see a woman on the phone,
like a a corded phone on the
wall, and she has a pot in her
hand. She's stirring something
on the stove. And then there's a
boy at the edge of the counter
with the red scooter next to
him. And then looks like now
he's standing behind the guy who
was on the 2nd floor at the desk
and computer and sitting on the
chair and then the kids behind
them leaving now he has a red
kite behind him. And then you
see the girl who's on the laying
on the couch.
Looks like she has something in
her hands, like a camera or
something, and then the the kids
sitting next to her now looks
like it's a red ball he's
holding. And then the picture on
the right is a picture of the
kids sitting on, presumably on
his bed. There's a map of the
world behind him and don't see
anything red in his hands.
There's a dresser and like a
little cat on the ground.
So then the kids laying on his
bed, the cats getting up and
walking out the door, and he
looks behind where the cat was
laying before and now the red
marker on the right side,
there's a three stage picture,
there's the kid who's reaching
down to pick up the marker and
there's papers around them on
the ground. Then he reaches up
and he draws like an archway on
the wall and the red marker. And
then looks like that Archway
created a door and he's walking
it through the door, through the
wall and looks like it's green
on the other side.
Now you see him walking through
the door, and the other side of
the door is now forced, so we
walk through the base of a tree
trunk. There's blue lanterns and
yellow soft lights glowing on
strings through the trees, and
there's like a Little River
that's snaking through the
trees.
So now you see the kiddies on
the edge of a wooden dock
hanging over the river or
standing over the river.
You can see his reflection in
the water with the red stick or
red marker.
still see the lights in the
lanterns in the trees on the
right side, and there's more
three stage picture of the kid
leaning over the dock, the
wooden dock, and drawing
something with the red marker in
the river. It looks like a
little arch at first and then
looks like he's drawing a little
boat and now it's a red boat
that he's in on the river.
So it looks like he's gone
through the forest now, on the
other side of the forest.
Through this Little River now it
looks like he's going to cross a
Moat to get to his big castle
structure. Almost looked like a
castle town. And then it's
really big and there's some gold
arches and like domes and
there's some overpasses,
bridges, and then on the right
under the one underpass
overpass, they'll see like a
smaller boat as well. And the
top of that, there's also a on
the top of the archway. There's
like a little boat on the
bridge.
And then you see the kid, um,
who now is up on the top of that
bridge or you know, whatever
walkways, it's almost like
little people in gondolas. And
he is. There's some guards
waving to him and he's one of
those little walk waterways, I
should say, on top of those
going through these castle area.
Then the left, you see, he's
about to go off the edge of one
of these waterways and there's
people and other levels of the
gondolas and different water
because they're different
heights. And then on the right,
you see he's drawing a circle in
midair as the boats falling
underneath him.
And then on the left you see
that what you Drew was a big hot
air balloon. And now he's riding
in a red hot air balloon and
he's waving to the people in the
tower or the guards or people
and whatever uniforms and they
were waving to him. And the
right side you see this really
big industrial type boat thing
with like a a smaller little
boat flying next week next to it
behind it. And then there's like
a purple creature flying in the
air.
And then the left you see the.
Boy, who's now in the hot air
balloon still and he's looking
down and he sees the smaller
boat in the larger boat and
looks like the people in the
smaller boat are trying to catch
the purple creature that's
flying in the air with a net.
And then on the left you see the
hot air balloon the kid in the
hot air balloon is getting
closer, so it looks like they
did end up catching the purple
creature. It looks like it's in
like a bird cage and the people
are holding on to it.
Now it's getting onto the larger
big ship as well, and the large
ship has like this gold bird
type feature towards the front
of it.
And then you see the kids
getting off the higher balloon
use on this big ship. Now he
looks like he's going towards a
doorway. And then you see above
a different height above him
there's the people carrying that
purple creature in the bird cage
and looks like there's like a
king or something with a gold
crown in front of them directing
them.
And then on the OK and then on
the right, there was that Gold
Bird feature that's like the top
part of that one ship. And then
there's the kid climbing up the
ladder to get to because that's
where they have the purple
creature in their cage and
there's two guards around it.
So then the kid grabs the purple
creature that's in the cage and
surprises the guards. And then
you see he ran over to the edge
and he let the purple creature
out of the cage and it's flying
away and you see the red marker
next to it. And there's a bunch
of people running downstairs and
chasing after him. You can see
like the cross section of the
inside of the ship, and then
they're starting to come outside
on the little walkway to find
him.
So it looks like they grab onto
him and then the guy with the
gold crown or headpiece and more
of a gold uniform, he dumps the
the purple or red marker off the
edge and so it's falling. And
then the kid now is in like this
cage type thing that they're
Wheeling either up or down
because they have like a
steering wheel at the top of it.
So then he's in mid air and then
he sees the purple creature now
has that red crayon or red
marker with them and brings it
through the kid. So then the kid
is drawing a square or a
rectangle.
And the purple creatures next to
him. Looks like he drew like a
magic carpet and now he's flying
through the air. He's out of the
cage and the purple creatures in
front of him, and so he's flying
above the castle area.
And then you see him flying now
it's like a night sky with stars
in the background, the castle
towards the left, and he's
flying through this sky after
the purple creature, and there's
like a palm tree down in the
ground.
It looks like they go to the
base of the palm tree and the
purple creature it has drawn
like a purple door now at the
bottom of the palm tree trunk
and then the kid opens up the
door and he goes through it
looks like the bird. The purple
creature goes 1st and then the
kid goes through it.
And then you see the kid coming
out of what looked like was a
mailbox in the first picture, so
next to the lamp post on the
sidewalk. So the purple creature
comes out first, and there's a
kid with a purple marker who's
like running towards it with his
arms outspread, and then the
little kid coming out with the
red marker behind behind the
purple creature, and you see the
traffic light is now green light
behind them.
And then there's a three-part
picture where you see the kid on
the right holding the purple
creature in his arm, and then
he's helping up the kid with the
red marker. They're both
standing, the kids drawing a
circle with the red marker, and
then the other kid draws the
purple circles. They both have a
red and a purple circle in front
of them.
#END_journey And then it looks
like they use those circles to
become part of the wheels of a
bicycle, and then the kid with
the red markers towards the
front of the bicycle, the kid
with the purple markers towards
the back, and then the purple
creatures flying behind them.
And they're on a bicycle on the
street now.
{That was the story and the end
of the study.}